## Executive Summary
Students were tasked to work with the Cuyahoga Community College to complete a series of workshops and appointments to be approved for an internship in the future. The co-op readiness program ensures students will be successful in the future by teaching them about interviews and building their resumes.
## Co-op
The co-op readiness experience was incredibly straightforward to follow. I met up with the Career Center the first time to discuss how to proceed with becoming co-op ready. After that, I took part in both the resume building workshop and the virtual interview workshop. I then updated my resume based off the information given in the workshop and scheduled another appointment with the Career Center. In the Career Center, I got my resume tweaked and approved for usage. I plan on scheduling another appointment with the career center in February to discuss possible intership opportunities for the summer. I am looking to get hands-on experience in the field, so the intership route is the perfect way to go for me.
## Conclusion
My overall experience with this course has been an extremely positive one. It has been incredibly rewarding to learn about Python, website structure, and network topologies. I discovered that I had a great interest in application development, as soon as I touched Python. I loved the opportunity for trial and error while creating code; it helped me learn from my own mistakes and generally helped me get a better understanding of the concepts being taught. My next step from here is to move on to IT1050, as I feel it'll be a good fit for me and a good gateway into which exact area I want to go into in the future.
