## Executive Summary
Lab 8 places a big focus on the types of data and how to protect said data. Students studied how to analyze data, specific data types, and how to classify data. Student then were introdiced to SQL and RDBMS, and were tasked to create a few SQL commands from a database. Students analyzed various laws and agreements such as COPPA, FERPA, HIPAA, and the Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct to gain an understanding on the legal side of data. 
### Data, Information, and Knowledge
Data is a series of facts. The two different types of data are qualitative or quantative. Qualitative data is numeric and comes from a form of measurement or calculation. Qualitative data is descriptive, such as "black" when describing the color of a laptop. Information, however, is processed data that provides context, relevance, and purpose. For example, the total revenue in a year calculated by the revenue of each day is an example of data. Knowledge is the relationships between this data that inspires action. An example of knowledge is the relationship between a sales pitch and how many sales it gained. 
### Relational Data
If I was creating a database for a small company using a customers and orders table, the primary keys would be a customer number (if possible) or a customer name, and an order number. These would be related by assigning an order number to a customer ID. The foreign key in the orders table would also be the customer number, as it links the two tables together.
### Field Data Types
It is important to properly define the data type of a field because each data type has a different set of restrictions or inputs. For example, a date/time field is interpreted as either a number or a time. If one were to accidentally identify the data type as a boolean, it would only let the user select two values, such as 0 and 1. Selecting the wrong data type may make the data representation either difficult to display, if not impossible.
### Big Data
The four "Vs" of big data are Volume, Variety, Velocity, and Variability. Volume refers to the size of the data. Variety refers to the sources of the data, such as PDFs, audio, video, etc. Velocity refers to the speed of generation of the data. Finally, variability refers to the inconsistancies in the data at times. Some technologies that have driven the increase of big data are social medias, customer feedback surveys, and staging areas for new data.
### RDBMS and SQL
SQL stands for Structured Query Language. SQL is a language that allows the coder to access and manipulate databases. RDBMS is the basis of SQL and stands for Relational Database Management System. RDBMS stres data in tables to be able to be accessed by SQL.
### SQL Injections
SQL injections are a security threat because the hackers can run an SQL statement to retrive or destroy data from the database unknowingly. Hackers have the potential to steal passwords, user IDs, etc. using this method. Parameters can be used to reduce the possibility that SQL injections can be run.
### Code of Ethics
The purpose of a code of ethics is to highlight and outline a set of acceptable behaviors for a social group. The ACM created the Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct to clarify which behaviors are deemed acceptable or forbidden. In specific, it was created to highlight fundamental ethical considerations, more specific considerations, ethics of leadership roles, and compliance with the Code. 
### Trademarks and Intellectual Property
The role of a trademark is to protect consumers and prevent confusion. For example, trademarks are the reason why multiple stores of the same name cannot exist. Copyright, on the other hand, protects the authors for any create works. Copyright gives the owners full rights to the creative works, and prevents others from stealing the works. It may be a good idea to copyright the SVG image I created, so that I have complete rights to the product just in case I wanted to use the idea later on. 
### COPPA, FERPA, and HIPAA
A few laws have been created to prevent the collection of specific information on the internet. COPPA, which stands for the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, forces organizations to determine the age of those accessing the website, and for those under thirteen years old, they must obtain parental consent before collecting any information. FERPA, or the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, protects the privacy of students education records by placing education records in the hands of the student once they turn eighteen or take clases beyond the high school level. Finally, HIPAA, or the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, protects patients by giving them rights to control their medical records, maintain who is able to share this record, and impose penalties on those who share it unconsentually. 
## Conclusion
I found Lab 8 to be extremely enjoyable to study; I discovered a passion for data that I didn't know I had! I had a bit of trouble understanding the syntax of SQL, but the lessons on W3Schools helped out tremendously. I was thrilled to learn about the legal side of data because in the future, it could prove to be incredibly useful to me. I've heard talks about COPPA on websites like YouTube a few times, but I was delighted to dive deeper into the topic. The information learned in Lab 8 will prove useful in the entirety of my career, and it excites me to learn more about the subject in the future!
