## Python IDLE
The shell of Python IDLE runs code one at a time, and is a good way to test what instructions do. The file editor lets the user add code for complete programs.
### Python Terms
A variable is a value that can vary or be rewritten to store a different value. A variable is like a box one can store a single value in. An example of a variable is the code "spam = 42", where "spam" is the variable. The book uses variable names "spam", "eggs", and "bacon" as a nod to the Monty Python "Spam" sketch. An assignment statement assigns a value to the variable for later use. This would be the equivalent to one placing an item inside a box. In the same example of "spam = 42", the whole statement is called the assignment statement, since it assigns the variable to a value. A function defines what kind of operation Python will perform. For example, the print() function displays the string value inside the parentheses. Integers are values that are whole numbers, such as the number 25. Numbers with a decimal point are called floating-point numbers, such as 36.0. A string is a text value such as 'Hello'.
## Raster vs. Vector Graphics
In a raster image, when one views the image at original size or smaller, the pixels become invisible. When the picture is zoomed in, the image loses quality. With a vector image, the image does not lose quality no matter the size. This is done by using geometry (specifically vectors) to render the pixels.
## Lossless vs. Lossy Compression
Lossless compression is when all the data from the original file is kept, whereas lossy compression removes some of the data from the initial file to save on space. This matters to developers because developers can choose what method of compression is used to save space. If lossy compression is used, the file may no longer look how the developer intended it to.
## File Formats
A GIF is a bitmap image format that allows for animated images, and supports up to 8 bits per pixel. A JPEG is an image format that uses a user-specified amount of lossy compression. A PNG is a bitmap image format that uses lossless compression. A PNG has either a 24 bit RGB or a 32 bit RGBA per pixel, and supports transparency.
## File Properties
When accessing a file's properties, the user can see basic information such as the file size, when the file was created, and can switch the file into read-only or hidden mode. Under "details", the user can see more information about a file, such as the dimentions of an image, file location, copyright information, etc. Under the "previous versions" tab, users can see when the file was last modified. 
