## Executive Summary
The main purpose of Lab 3 was to introduce students to software and virtualization, as well as career paths in computing. Students explored a career of their choice and researched the ins and outs of it, as well as research about co-ops and potential certificates. Additionally, Python is introduced as a pseudo-code language and students created a few programs using it. 
## Software
An operating system is required to use a piece of hardware. An operating system manages the hardware resources, provides a user interface, and provides a platform for developers to create applications for. An example of an operating system Microsoft Windows. An application is a program that is used to accomplish a specific goal. An example of this is Microsoft Word, an application that was designed to create and view documents. Finally, utility software is software that will allow the user to modify the computer in some way. For example, an anti-virus program such as Avast or Webroot will remove malicious or unwanted programs. Programming software is used to write code and produce software such as Python. 
### ERP 
ERP software, or Enterprise Resource Planning software, is developed to bring together an organization with one program. It uses a central database to connect all parts of the organization. All users use the same software application and edit the same database, so that every member of the organization is on the same page. Some of the most well-known ERP systems come from SAP, Oracle, and Microsoft.
### Problems Solved By Virtualization
A common problem in IT was that a server was dedicated to one specific task, meaning most servers are not running to their full potential. Some servers may run only at 30% of their full capacity due to being assigned only one task. Virtualization can be used to run multiple tasks on a single piece of hardware. This can be used to make the hardware or server run at it's maximum capacity, while freeing up space for other free servers to run more tasks. Virtualization helps hardware run more effectively.
### Role of Hypervisor
A hypervisor is a kind of emulator that creates and runs virtual machines, or a simulated computer. The hypervisor helps virtualize in a system. It acts as the manager and divides and partitions the resources of the hardware.
## Python
### Pseudo-Code Nature of Python
The "pseudo-code nature of Python" refers to the fact that Python is very easy to learn; Python is made so programmers can worry more on the solutions to the code rather than how to write and format it. Pseudo-code makes it simple for programmers to jump in. 
### Interpreted vs. Compiled Language
A compiled language takes the entire program as its input, rather than an interpreter, which takes a single instruction as its input. A compiler generates intermediate object code, while an interpreter does not. A compiler generally executes faster. A compiler requires more memory due to its need to create object code. A compiler only needs to compile once, while an interpreter has to convert high-level languages to low-level programs at execution. Finally, a compiler displays errors once the whole program is checked, while an interpreter displays errors when each instruction is run.
## Careers in Computing
### Handshake
Handshake really caught my interest when I visited the website! I was very surprised to see that employers who were hiring were also taking questions from students! I plan to take advantage of this opportunity and gather the most information I can. It really helps to see a list of popular jobs that other students in my major have pursued. I wish I had known about this website sooner, as it really opened my eyes on all the opportunities ahead of me!
### Bureau of Labor Statistics
I was also very pleased with my experience with this website, it proved to be very helpful to me! As a test, due to not knowing exactly what field I want to go into yet, I researched "Computer Systems Analysts". I believe this field may be very interesting to me! This website gives information about everything I could think of: pay, what the job does, how to become one, etc. The website even gives an average number of jobs in 2020, which was 607,800 for Computer System Analysts. This website will prove to be very useful in the upcoming years when I choose exactly what field to go into.
### Certifications
I researched the CompTIA certification. This certification applies to cybersecurity and constant monitoring of the networks. I thought the test would be much more pricet to take, but it is only $370 USD. They recommend at least 4 years of experience with information security, so this is more of a long-term goal rather than a first-step. The test itself is 165 minutes, which is rather lengthy, but it is a very important test. 
### Certificates and Degrees
I am researching a short term certificate in Mobile Application Development. These students learn how to develop, analyze, and test mobile applications, and eventually prepare to publish apps. The total is 21 credit hours, which is around three semester's worth of work. I seem to be way more into mobile app development than I initially thought, and I believe this could be a great opportunity for me.
### Co-Ops / Internships
The co-op process is a very straight-forward process. First, one must participate in the co-op orientation process through the career center. One must then upload their resume and approval from a Career Coach to Handshake. After that, one will work with an Employer Relations Specialist to apply and interview with approved co-op placements. Finally, one must complete and sign a "Cooperative Education Agreement" form and register for college credit. The benefit of a co-op or intership is that the student gets hands-on experience rather than just reading about the topic. Not only does it look good for employers, but it will help students apply what they learned and have an involved experience in the field.
### Industry Associations / Student Organizations
The IEEE is a massive professional organization that is dedicated to advancing technology to help humanity. A huge benefit to join this organization is that it is international; over 60% of its members are from outside the U.S., meaning it is very easy to learn about new cultures. It also creates an all-inclusive space. This membership could look good for employers, all while helping out society as a whole. 
## Summary
