## Executive Summary
The purpose of Lab 7 is to dive further into file compression, as well as expand previous knowledge of Python. In this Lab, studens studied ZIP files, and the compression of vector-based images such as SVG files. Additionally, students were walked through creating attributes, methods, and objects to create a sample program. Students were tasked to define and apply numerous concepts, such as inheritance and encapsulation.
### Purpose of File Compression
The purpose of a zip file is to easily group multiple files into one file. They also are compressed, so the zip file has a smaller total file size compared to the files on their own.
### Compression and File Size
When compressing image files, the SVG file will result in being a lot smaller than a JPG file would compress to. This is because SVG is easily scalable, while losing no quality whatsoever. This is because SVG uses mathematical structures to represent an image, rather than relying on lossy compression like JPG files do.
### Python OOP
The attribute under the Shark class is name, since every shark has a name. The methods of the shark class are swim and be_awesome. The purpose of the constructor method is to initialize data. A class is a type of blueprint that defines a set of attributes that characterizes any object that appears in that class, while an object is an instance of that class. To instantiate an object from a class means to create and utilize the object within the class.
### Object Oriented and the Shark Class
The instantilized objects of the shark class are Sammy and Stevie. Inheritance is the concept that a subclass of a class inherits the attributes of the main class. An example of this is self.name = name under the main shark class. Defining the attributes under the shark class is an example of abstraction. Defining what the object can do under the methods of a class, such as swimming and being awesome, is an example of encapsulation. 
## Conclusion
Lab 7 proved to be especially tricky for me; while I was creating the program with the sharks, I started to mix up the concepts. While creating the Lucidchart based on the program, I ran into trouble organizing the concept into a concept chart. I verified with the professor that I was on the right track before finalizing my chart. Other than that, I had lots of fun typing out the code and trying to process what each part of the code means. I can tell my passion for Python is growing, and I am excited to see what is next!
